Port needs to be changed from 1401 to 1433.md (#91087)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-sql/virtual-machines/windows/azure-key-vault-integration-configure.md

### Existing VMs

For existing SQL virtual machines, open your [SQL virtual machines resource](manage-sql-vm-portal.md#access-the-resource) and select **Security** under **Settings**. Select **Enable** to enable Azure Key Vault integration.

> Example Screenshot for SQL Server non default port 1401.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following screenshot shows how to enable Azure Key Vault in the portal for an existing SQL Server VM (this SQL Server instance uses the non-default port 1401):
```
